# Introuduction

This is the read new file for my unit four milestone project.  This project will present a website that has been developed using django, CSS, HTML and other languages.  Far this units I must create a website that these develop completely using django and is the final units of the Code Institute's course.  Within this unit, I would like to create a web sites that it is really easy to numerous and offers users and ability to easily manage and control their accounts and also be able to search of buying products that they would like to purchase.  Within this project, I would like to have a web sites that begins to use interesting features but I have not tested in the previous units.  I would like to create a website that is visually appealing but also impressive to view.  Within this module is optional to use BootStrap but I will not use this as I would like more control of my CSS and my websites style.

I would like to begin this unit by identifying what users would like to see from my website.  I would like to understand what I need to include within my website so that users expectations are met.  I would also like to think about the purpose of my site along with what I want to do to provide my service to review a viewer.  I would also like to think about is the theme, layouts and design of the site and what I need to do to truly create and encapsulate my idea.

Within this site, I need to make sure that the website meets both my criteria and the criteria of the user/view.  I must keep in mind of what the user requires from a shopping sites.

One requirements of this module, is to include the script of JS which will perform alterations to the website either by changing the font or the font size for example. This must be able to take a response from the user to allow them to controll certain aspects of the website or webpage. I will try and impliment an ability for users to customise the website elements and give them a few options to make the site easier to read or understand. I will also allow for the setting options to possible be saved so that returning to the website will leave the site with the customisations previously applied by a user.

## Users Expectations
Within this section, I will discuss what different users would require from my website.  I need to think about the uses expectations and their needs whilst creating my website.  I need to think about users that are coming to my site for the first time, also need to think about users that are returning to my site or people who regularly shop on the website and also have an account within my site.

### First Time Users
+ Within a website, first time users would like to see a simple but effective web site layout and functionality.  We would like to be able to quickly and effectively understand website and have their needs met on the site.  
+ Some users would need asimple navigation that will allow them to control searches on the site, other users would need a website that explains to the user what the site is about.  The website needs to allow users to shop on the side with the ability to filter searches to present the user with what they are looking for.  
+ Some users would like the ability to click on an image or product to see more detail or to see a larger image.

### Returning Users
+ Returning users would need a straightforward way to search for the product if they know what they're looking for.
+ Users would return to the site if you are able to provide competative prices and also be able to present the website in the style that they would like to see.

### Users with Accounts and Regular 
+ Some users would like to easily login and out of account, whilst some people would like a simple and straightforward way of saying all in creating an account.
+ Some users would like the ability to recieve emails about discounts or an ability to get discounts from purchases.

### Users with needs
Users that have needs and requirements would need the ability to control the web site, this could be done by controlling the style, fonts or sizes of elements within the website.  I will think of a way of creating a footer on the website which can be used by the user to controll a series of aspects on the website.  These aspects could include alterations to the font, alterations to the images and the ability to turn off background images or colors.

I think that the websites me navigation sure the accessible no matter where the user is on the website, and that the navigation bar should be easily understood, annotated and explained to the user so they can affectively search for website.

Some users would like to have easy access to their accounts and their personal information, whilst others would like to easily shop within my website and purchase without alot of hassil.  Some users would like to see offers for clearances of items that have been reduced.  I would like to create a home page that presents to the user a few list of products, like suggestions depending on accounts activity, what's new and possibly items that are reduced.



The purpose of my site is to provide a service were a user or viewer can come to my site to purchase a form of goods.  Within this module the site must allow for user to be able to make an account, to add items to their basket's and to be able to search for and buy products.  The products I am thinking of using within the site are games as I am interested in games and old fashioned consoles.  I think that our website needs to be somewhat personal to the creator as they can connect with the idea and website closer and be able to truly build the image of the website and connect with what they want to see on the site.  As I am thinking of creating a website that allows for users to purchase games and consoles I have began to think about the name of the website.

## Initial Production

Some of the names of this website are retro resales, classics n' cash, cash the classics and finally retro exchange.  With the names that I have created I didn't necessarily feel as though retro resales and classics n' cash felt like they weren't professional or effective names to choice for the site.  I settled for the name retro exchange as I felt that this name fits the website better.  I plan on allowing users to be able to purchase and sell products what will see how it goes later on in production.  Once I had thought of a name I then began to search for a font that suited the theme that I was going for.  I settled for a font named Segoe UI as this font looked like what I was going for.  I wanted a font that looked more the feeling and professional or also looked different when the styles replied like bold and italic styling.  I made the logo very simple and originally threw around the idea of putting yellow in the logo, but I noticed that the yellow colour was hard to identify with a white background.  Once I had noticed that yellow did not work as initially intended by the end and settle for a basic black colouring on the letter RX.  I had chosen for local RX as a simplified version of retro exchange and also chosen to title the site R-Exchange as the simplified version of the name.  Both of these decisions where to create a simplified mean for users to nickname the site and also wanted a simple and effective logo design.  I always begin our web sites by creating a logo and name and selecting a font as I believe these aspects as they are part of the core identity of the website.

Now that I have a name for my website a then begin to plan out the layout.  I think about what I want to present to the users at all times and what I want to include within the top navigation bar.  I understand that I would like to include a form of logo, the name of our web site, the searchbar or some way of finding the product and away to sign in or out and view the basket.  I then begin to develop the layout, working with what I want to include and were I want to include it.  I begin by creating a wire frame and think about how I want to lay out the homepage the logging in and signing up page and the product view page.  I would like to create two bars that contained the different bits of information that are fixed to the top and bottom of page.  For now I think I will settle with the signing in and signing up buttons in the bottom bar and the logo, the name, searchbar and baskets in the top bar.  I want to make sure that the user can access these bars no matter where they are on the website.  But when I begin to creates the mobile version of the site I may change the layout of the fixed bars.

I wanted to create the website where the navigation bar is created to how I want it to look like. I want to create the websites whole personality and make sure that the navigation bar is exactly how I want the site to be created. I want to allow a user to search for a product by name or to filter searches using three fields, console, what they want to see, for example consoles, games ect and by price, rating ect. These filters would allow for an ability to easily search the website.

On the home page I want to began to create the theme that will sit with the site and begin its theme that would begin to appear within the websites that are below the index. This is to make sure that the theme is consistant and runs thoughout all pages to make the website feel fullbodied and planned out well. Keeping a consistant theme allows for your site to work really well across the site and gives of a feel as though the theme is how you want the site to be seen. The personality of a website, in my opinion is defined by the theme, functionality, fonts ect, and what I have chosen I feel really encapsulates the website and give the user the ability to understand what the site is about and what the creator wants the site to look like.

## Wireframe

https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_l2nBjuQ=/